Style notes on passing and storing object addresses (#4310)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/project/cpp_style_guide.md

        although these guidelines differ slightly.
-   Always mark constructors `explicit` unless there's a specific reason to
    support implicit or `{}` initialization.

> -   When storing unowned objects as members, prefer to pass by reference and
>     store as a pointer. For example, `Foo* foo_;` and
>     `Bar(Foo& foo) : foo_(&foo)`.

Reviewer: Based on further discussion, let's keep the storing part but add some more explicit guidance for passing. This is allowed and *slightly* encouraged in the Google style guide, but I think we can be a bit more direct and explicit for Carbon:

```suggestion
-   When passing a reference to an unowned object as an argument, use a reference
    unless one of the following cases applies:
    -    If it is optional, use a pointer and document that it may be null.
    -    If it is captured and must outlive the call expression itself, use a
         pointer an document that it must not be null (unless it is also optional).
-   When storing a reference to an unowned object as a member, prefer to store as a
    pointer. For example, `Foo* foo_;` and `Bar(Foo* foo) : foo_(foo)`.
```

Author: Pulled, and made some edits (including "when passing/storing a reference to an unowned object" -> "when passing/storing an object's address" in order to avoid different meanings of "reference", cleaning up the example)
